fix(content): Minor HR fixes and player experience edits (#8243)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 6 end.txt

	on offer
		event "mountaintop ascendant"
		fail "Hai Reveal [B12-A] Devil-Hide Fleet"

> 		log `Returned the Hai to their own space to bring an end to the missing Hai saga. Choot'k tries but fails to recruit Teeneep to the Unfettered. They spoke of a future peaceful unification of the Hai, though differ on the specifics despite their closeness. There is one last trip to do for official matters.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		log `Returned the Hai to their own space to bring an end to the missing Hai saga. Choot'k tried, unsuccessfully, to recruit Teeneep to the Unfettered. They spoke of a future peaceful unification of the Hai, though differ on the specifics despite their closeness. There is one last trip to do for official matters.`
```

Tense mismatch here, but also the style suggestion versus the repetitive fix.
